part time, non-retail options for a college dropout with 10+ years of retail experience? 27 y/o m.
bosch ltd. to cut thousands of jobs in india as auto sales drop
can contractors collect unemployment?
low-skilled jobs on your resume are more likely than unemployment to hurt your chances of getting a job
first time being fired and i'm lost
i just lost my job and losing will to live.
(29m) lost job in a foreign country, no career, don't want to leave fiance behind
totally lost at what to do.
how can i get over the existential crisis i am having about having to work 8/9 hours a day 5 days a week every week for the next 40+ years?
scientist: lost all passion and under performing, looking to potentially career change or maybe i just need an alternative area? could use advice on switching or alternative areas.
fired after 2 months and feeling a little lost. advice on getting back at it?
is it weird to drop off resumes or ask for a job at places which aren't hiring?
sudden mental block and lost drive at work. how did you get over?
how to prevent depression caused by unemployment when i have no money to do anything?
i was terminated from my job, i lost my final paycheck. will they reissue me a new one?
lost my final paycheck what now???
feel completely lost in my work life after spending time bringing up the kids.
work/life crossroads - totally lost with what to do.
my gf just lost her stay at home job
after a year of unemployment, i got a job!
lost my first full-time office job yesterday and want some help
should i file for unemployment? is it even an option? will it ruin relationship with employer as an indep. contractor?
is it generally good practice for supervisors to keep employees informed of automation development/timelines if they are in an area that will be laid off eventually?
lost my job and can't seem to find another one
new hire at a small import co., about to have 2 roles dropped on me.
new hire at a small importer, and i am having 2 roles dropped on me almost immediately
"manager" at minimum wage with no official title, how would you guys go about getting a new/better job in my shoes? i'm kind of lost and could use some direction.
recovering from a year of unemployment or how to find out what am i even doing wrong?
lost out on job opportunity b/c recruiter went vacation. what lessons should i learn?
lost out on job opportunity b/c recruiter went on vacation. what lessons should i learn?
do i mention college if i dropped out a year shy of graduating?
it's been a month since i've heard back from my fourth interview, i'm so lost
i told the recruiting coordinator at a staffing company that i was laid off when i was really fired
should i tell the recruiter i was fired and not laid off?
lost my job in november. quitting my new job after 1 month today.
u.s. job growth slows – unemployment rate steady at 3.5%
lost emotionally and physically
dropping applications??
lost on what to major in
can you be on unemployment and qualify for medicare?
i lost a really good job opportunity because my phone sent the interview straight to voicemail- what could i have done differently?
how do i find a good job in the travel industry?? so lost.
anyone kinda glad getting laid off?
anyone kinda happy that they got laid off?
23 years old, college dropout, just quit my 6 figure job with no backup in place.
is there going to be another recession this year?
teksystems or: how i learned of their incompetence and lost around $276 in unpaid wages
support mental health needs of new yorkers in crisis - volunteer!
this is a dumb question, but it is ok to drop off my resume without applying for the job?
laid off. what should i do?
will i be eligible for unemployment if i'm fired for refusing to work on call?
will i be eligible for unemployment if i'm fired for refusing to work on call?
for the second time in my life i lost a job after disclosing a chronic illness.
my state sucks and was listed as top 9 for risk of recession, should i move to find better jobs?
a sign that i have been dropped?
i am currently collecting unemployment benefits after being fired in december. recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder... what are my next steps, if any?
canada provinces unemployment rate
(eu) how do you escape unemployment against all odds when moving to a new country?
laid off after 45 days of employment, what to do next
i recently lost my job, don’t want to work food service anymore. need guidance for a more office setting position.
just got laid off from my first job in college
life going downhill because got laid off, need serious advice
hard times, have an interview for a job i never thought i'd be settling for. been a while since i've done this kind of work, need advice.
hard times, have an interview for a job i never thought i'd be settling for. been a while since i've done this kind of work, need advice.
i was laid off for the first time (context: i’m 20 years old)
should i apply for unemployment
how would you handle being laid off for the 5th time? how do you get out of being constantly in survival mode?
how would you handle being laid off for the 5th time?
has a corporate career become just about avoiding the inevitable train crash (layoffs)?
suddenly laid off from a temp job i really loved. pretty much everyone else in my group got hired, and i honestly only got feedback after i asked for it about two weeks ago.
where do i go from here? i got "laid off" or whatever and i really don't know what i want to do with my life. if this is the wrong sub, please redirect me to the right one.
the real reason for low unemployment numbers: less jobs?
got a new job after two months of unemployment - and i don't want to do it
is it okay to name-drop big clients you've worked with in a cover letter?
bit lost!
lost job in november. 900 applications since. interviews here and there. weighing my options.
cant get a job after having kids. feeling lost.
people who struggled with unemployment for months - please share your success stories
i have a "failure due to academic dishonesty" notation on my transcript
i have a "failure due to academic dishonesty" notation on my transcript
got laid off a few months ago. been actively applying to new jobs and keep getting rejected even if interviews go well. how do i answer “why you left your previous job?”
what should be my next step for a jobless, talentless, 22 year old failure??
just got laid off because of org restructuring
leaving a temp job without the agency dropping me
airdrop - crypto energy round 2 - will pay 50$
i am completely lost and need advice (24f)
just got laid off, did not see it coming, what is the next step?
applied for unemployment and i'm getting a background check for another job. [ca]
took a huge pay cut to get off unemployment now feel stuck.
lost and need some advice (48f)
i had a job for a month i lost for a dumb reason
multiple job offers after 7 months of no job offers/unemployment after graduation
the unemployment rate is 3.5%, so why can't i find a job 9 months after graduating college?
hi all! due to mental health issues i lost my job 2.5 years ago. i spent most of that time working on myself and recently started applying and interviewing again and was finally offered a salaried management position in a good company!
laid off and obsessively job hunting. is this abnormal?
laid off, employer wants me back
lost, need advice
family crisis since last interview - final interview upcoming
starting new job tomorrow after a year of unemployment due to not finding anything in my line of work
got fired from 2 jobs in 1.5 moths... (film theater, cook). i've lost all motivation... is it my fault?
i lost my job yesterday
lost recruiter phone call, did i loose my opportunity ?
i am lost!!
on unemployment less than a week 2nd round interview. not sure i want it. how to proceed?
unemployed for 4 months. only 2 months left before the unemployment benefits end. i've only had 1 interview in all this time. i'm starting to panic!
underemployment crisis
after a long stint of unemployment, i've finally been offered a job... however have also been given a second interview for my dream job. what should i do?
tired of trying - lost dream job, relationship, etc.
80 applications, 2 interviews last week, and going into my third week of unemployment. should i be discouraged at this point? please help me with what i’m doing wrong.
have job titles lost all meaning at this point?
lost good paying job at 41yo with no college degree
my initial career struggles and overcoming career-related identity lost
my initial career struggles and overcoming career-related identity lost
grad electrical engineering student feeling lost in job search
electrical engineering student feeling lost in searching for jobs
i got laid off just before my probation period was about to end
(27m) stuck in unemployment hell for over a year, need help
(27m) stuck in unemployment hell for a year
everyone was laid off--i asked for a raise. how long should i wait?
disability and unemployment
how would you go about getting laid off?
i'm about to be laid off, what do you think i should do next?
just began working at a gym, feel completely lost. need help.
how online job searches worsen the job crisis
need advice to rescue my career after a series of setbacks/failures and a year of unemployment
need advice to rescue my career after a series of setbacks/failures and a year of unemployment
i’ve dropped out of college 4 times.
i lost my pay stubs. do i need to call my bank?
i screwed up big time at work and lost them money -- what would you do?
i've done everything i can but i'm still totally lost.
what is a respectable way of saying "i got laid off"?
had a conversation about my performance at work today, have i essentially already lost my job?
[article] - make it easy for me to hire you: linkedin, failures, github, and side-hustles | hiring manager in tech shares his thoughts on improving your cv/resume/profile
how do i explain why i was fired in my unemployment interview? (urgent)
drop servicing passive income
changing jobs before possible recession
is anyone considered about a recession or poor economy in the following months because of this virus?
dropout makes $12,500/month from home and you won’t believe how he does it!
how to get a job overseas after a long-term unemployment in my own country?
boss advised me to quit - would i qualify for unemployment? located in ma
objective that addresses unemployment for education
with stocks plummeting as low as 2008, is this going to effect unemployment rate and getting new jobs more difficult?
laid off after 5 years - need guidance
have a bachelors degree but also long unemployment gaps.
it’s been almost a year since i graduated with my 2 year ee degree. i lost count of how many jobs i’ve applied for. i’m currently working at a job that doesn’t even offer to convert me from seasonal to permanent. i want to do something with my life but this is extremely frustrating.
feeling lost and like i’m losing time. where do i fit in and how can i finally find a job that makes me happy?
how do i explain a large gap of inactivity?
kinda lost
thinking of setting up a meeting with hr to be laid off. what do i need to know?
can you claim unemployment if your position was eliminated but the company offered you a similar but less desirable position?
[article] does unemployment destroy your mental health?
going on month 6 of unemployment. had 3 interviews and no offers after sending off around 300+ applications. i am geographically disadvantaged and dead set on finding a job related to my studies/passions, however student loan debt and other financial needs are pressing. any help appreciated.
anyone start a job off unemployment then quit a few weeks later when you got a better offer from a previous outreach?
i lost my hope because i got rejected at all interviews
can you please help me leave this job before i get laid off, i feel completely trapped?
i've been unemployed for 4 months after getting laid off. i'm feeling dejected and need some advice.
can you get unemployment if company goes out of business?
questions for you about job references, and how not to get laid off?
i'm getting laid off soon--when can i start broadcasting about it? do i risk severance?
potentially lost out on a job because final interview request hit spam email.....
what can i do as a high school dropout?
having a quarter life crisis and need some job ideas/guidance
lost at 40, need advice
quarter life career crisis - how do i find a job i actually want to do?!
should i move to dc to find internships when i only get 90 days of unemployment grace period?
fired by unstable boss- filing for unemployment. will my ex-boss be told if co-workers speak to the unemployment office on my behalf?
unemployment: cant get hired
where my recession grads at?
following-up after weird drop-off from hiring manager (+ hairy backstory)
following up after weird hiring manager drop-off (+ kind of crazy backstory)
took a new job, moved for it, turns out i absolutely hate it. now feeling kind of lost.
have you ever been laid off?
can i file for unemployment because i'm on medical leave?
event cancelled and technician out of work, qualified for unemployment?
*huge drops in pay. i feel like im being taken advantage of because of my young age.
i did almost nothing at my last job. now laid off. how do i put that in my resume?
laid off after four months
i was dropped by my contracting company after already quitting my previous job and relocating - how to approach job search?
when do you know your empoyer or boss has lost focus.
stand in work during unemployment
how do you think the crashing stock market will impact job hunting in the us?
how will the crashing stock market impact job hunting in the us?
have i lost the job?
i got my first rejection letter since applying for jobs out of state. i feel like a failure and i'm on the verge of just giving up completely what should i do?
have i lost the job?
international famous spiritual herbalist healer &amp;amp; lost love spells +27735806509
currently on sabbatical. planned for a few more months and in process a career change to webdev. now with global recession looming, i’m pretty spooked. advice?
currently on sabbatical. planned for a few more months and in process a career change to webdev. now with global recession looming, i’m pretty spooked.
currently on sabbatical. planned for a few more months and in process a career change to webdev. now with global recession looming, i’m pretty worried.
currently on sabbatical. planned for a few more months and in process a career change to webdev. now with global recession looming, i’m pretty worried.
lost my job because lack of patients. i was told i cant use my sick hours left and i am unable to file for unemployment.
got laid off 2 business days before start date.
got laid off by expedia, now not getting a bonus even though they said i would
coronavirus and oil-price recession
with a recession looming, is it generally a bad time to be looking for a new job?
has anyone else noticed a sudden slowdown in hiring (coronavirus / oil crash)?
25 f from nyc went on an interview to be w crisis counselor what is it like working as a crisis counselor?
coronavirus recession fears
what job skills are recession proof?
job hunting in a recession?
lost a job offer to coronavirus
law school failure. family issues. debt. late 20s. need a sense of direction.
law school failure. family issues. debt. late 20s. need a sense of direction.
covid-19 plus unemployment will render me unemployable
i feel so lost
lost and confused
i was laid off this morning. the company has encouraged me to reach out with any questions i might have when i’m ready. what should i ask?
is there anyone who graduated during one of the previous recessions/corrections who has any advice?
should i be unemployed during this crisis or should i suck it up and stay at a job that treats me poorly.
will i be among the first to get fired in recession?
i am a college senior graduating this semester . in only two weeks ... i just went from one of the best times to graduate( with low unemployment) from college to the worst( with the economy taking a nose dive)
will i be among the first to get fired in a recession?
will i be among the first to get fired in a recession?
ran out of unemployment then got job, then won't be hired cause of coronavirus wtf!
ran out of unemployment benefits, got job then covid hit
if the economy enters a recession due to the wuhan bug will that be worst or better for those looking for jobs?
can i file for unemployment benefits in ca despite not having had a job in a year but being self employment?
does anyone know of any places that often hire high school dropouts? any advice or help when it comes to applications, and the whole hiring process?
any advice on applications and the whole hiring process for a high school dropout?
millions of americans could lose their jobs in a coronavirus recession. many won't get severance pay
accidentally crashed someone else’s video job interview before mine, do i bring it up?
just got laid off
kinda lost
got a job! covid-19. lost my job.
laid off 2 days before starting - advice?
just got laid off from my job today. any ideas of industries that might be hiring right now?
my company just slashed pay and benefits. they are asking people to take further salary cuts. i really just don't want to be laid off. would offering up more of my salary increase my chances of being kept?
feeling like a total failure
lost job in a nyc op pt clinic. looking to work/help amidst this covid-19 pandemic...
just been laid off due to coronavirus
gold and higher unemployment
since people are being laid off and business are closing. on the other hand, who could be benefiting from employment? who might need an extra hand with work specifically at this time?
i live in wa. do i tell my part-time employer i'm filing for standby unemployment?
after months of job searching to no avail, i have an interview...in person, in the midst of the coronavirus crisis
unemployment payments report by state
job suggestions for people unemployed by the current covid-19 crisis
should my friend tell his assistant that he might be laid off due to the virus? or should he wait?
been effectively laid off “temporarily”; is it even worth it right now to look for other jobs right now?
bartender laid off due to corona virus mandated shut downs....?
good job career chances for after the crisis has passed?
unemployment question
working remotely in coronavirus crisis: all the tips and pitfalls
[article] working remotely in coronavirus crisis: all the tips and pitfalls
for those of us who are being forced to work at the company amidst this crisis, is it a good option to quit?
if anyone’s been laid off and need to work right now, i found a place that’s hiring right now!
uk / lost a 0 hour contract
worried about being laid off: best way to go about job searching?
to everyone being laid off or struggling to find work, amazon is hiring!
was i fired or laid off? does it matter? might i actually have a case?
marketing tips for those displaced by the 2020 recession -- the un-pitch letter (long but useful)
if you have lost your job or your service job is on hold, head over to your local grocery store. they need help!!
laid off due to covid-19
how viable is it for everyone to be telling each other to collect unemployment? surely the resources that exist cant supplement the income of the majority of the american workforce, right?
if every crisis creates a new career field (security specialist, sox auditors, financial regulatory specialist), what will be this one?
can i file for unemployment?
(uk) i just lost my two jobs due to corona, i've never really read up on any benefits i can get whilst out of work. what would be my best course of action?
should i apply for unemployment insurance?
downsides of using the alternate base period for unemployment?
just laid off, due to corona virus...but is that all?
amazon dropship consultancy is hiring
what industry’s will be hiring in the upcoming recession/ covid outbreak?
feeling worthless after a long period of unemployment. is it possible to get a demanding job after a long unemployment?
90% of my company was laid off. the 10% were furloughed. why did they do that?
i was laid off yesterday after only being with the company for five weeks. having trouble processing the details
unemployment benefits online down in california
am i missing something, or is the nys unemployment website broken?
70,000 americans lost their jobs in one week | here's what you need to know!
quitting my manufacturing job during covid-19 crisis?
filing unemployment from a different state
wife was "fired" about an hour after the county-wide shelter in place order, should she list "laid off" for no work on her unemployment application?
those that need a job or recently laid off [here]
lost my job due to covid-19, what could i look for?
can i file for unemployment if i tried to take back my resignation and was declined?
lost my job due to company downsizing, not sure where to go next or even what i want to do.
employer does not give partial unemployment to employees whom hours they cut due to coronavirus...
tried filing for unemployment but have it held pending determination?
trucking companies increase hiring during crisis
if someone quit their job two weeks ago but hasn't been able to find a new one, can they apply for unemployment?
can i file for unemployment even though i have a job, but in this weird situation?
[article] trucking companies increase hiring during crisis
foreign med school dropout, trying to land a role in healthcare analytics.
foreign med school dropout, trying to land a role in healthcare analytics.
if i get laid off during recession, will it hurt my future job opportunities?
how do you collaborate and maintain relationships with your team (crisis or not)?
for those who lost their jobs due to coronavirus, was it a permanent layoff (meaning you’ll have to look for a new job once the shutdown is over), or is it temporary (so you’ll go back to your same workplace when it’s over)?
if a corporation fired you, laid you off, or furloughed you without pay during this crisis. you have every right to say f**k you when they ask you to come back to work
laid off - covid-19 kills my job
i got laid off today
i got laid off today
i forgot to claim my unemployment on the assigned day. what do i do now?
unemployment benefits 2 different states, which state to file?
lost my job to covid, what can i do next?
3.28 million file for unemployment, quadruple previous jobless record
what if i get "temporarily laid off" while i have an employment contract?
background check in limbo due to covid-19, possible unemployment benefits?
i think i can help with job searches. i dropped out of college with my friend and after a two year surf trip, we had to get real so we came up with a game to see who can land the most jobs in a year without taking one. the details and results are listed below...
professional workers that have salary cut, but not hours cut... do they still qualify for unemployment in any way?
i worked for the devil incarnate. after my last job, i lost a piece of me that i'll never get back.
graduated into a recession... where to start?
who lost their job due to covid-19? [curious on numbers.]
what are your expectations for the job market around the world after the end of the corona virus crisis?
if you or anyone you know who lost their job due to this virus see below:
wife's hours are getting cut way down because of covid-19. can she get partial unemployment to make the difference?
if you've lost your job because of covid-19 how would you respond to, "why did you leave your previous job?"
just laid off with a possibility of returning?
how to email hr after permanently getting laid off due to covid-19?
don’t know severance but need to apply for nj unemployment immediately
i’ve only been working at my job since mid-february. if/when they furlough us, will i still qualify for unemployment?
temp job or amped-up unemployment
drop servicing – building a new business $0 to $10,000
i quit my toxic job without notice, but now cannot secure a new one due to covid-19, would i be able to qualify for unemployment?
#recession2020 #recession #jobloss #business2020 #savemoney #saveyourself #savemoney #saveyourself #savejobs #jobs2020
applied for unemployment, forgot to call on the assigned day, and now am having problems trying to claim my...well, claim.
applied for unemployment with a part time job
unemployment question
lost your job? i will help you find one.
for anyone who has lost their job recently, the change curve might help you pick yourself back up again
my department restructured and i lost all higher level responsibilities, what should i feel?
unemployment benefits for reduced hours
for those that lost their jobs, what are some ways (excluding unemployment) you’ve been creative to make ends meet?
how the heck should i apply for unemployment? (lost my job due to covid-19)
ways to get work during the crisis?
following up during a crisis.
lost paycheck because of lockdown!! anyone else?!
last year i lost my job of 20+ years to a sell off. took me 8 months to find a good paying job in january of this year. things are going great and then this covid-19 stuff hit, business got really slow and i got laid off. unemployment is denying me any help. what am i supposed to do?
asking to be laid off
if my wife quits her job to watch the kids during this mess can she get unemployment?
can i file for unemployment while using a staffing agency
unemployment question
my boss was laid off. i was not. it seems to be causing issues.
employer accidentally withheld income taxes for a state that i don't even work in - now they've furloughed me and i have to file for unemployment
i am having trouble filing unemployment does anyone think they could help me
what will the job market and economy be like after the covid 19 crisis ?
with the whole covid recession, is it okay to consider suicide?
got yelled at and maybe fired for applying for unemployment. did i do something wrong?
i'm being forced to work from home while laid off.
partial unemployment due to coronavirus?
quit "essential" job two weeks ago due to covid concerns, any way i can apply for unemployment?
drop servicing - a recession proof business model? (coronavirus pandemic)
i feel lost, used and betrayed (nhs)
unemployment application question
i’m getting an interview during this crisis?
i lost my second job due to covid-19 closures, but i still work my first time job, can i apply for unemployment?
how to address resume being laid off only after 6 months due to covid19.
laid off but still on payroll - how do i navigate getting a new job
how to address being laid off only after 6 months due to covid19 on my resume?
did i screw myself for unemployment?
a crisis of choice in title re: job offers
my work is still open but i'm not comfortable going in with a newborn at home. if i get let go am i eligible for unemployment? trying to weigh how important this job is for me.
got an offer, asked to change parts of contract, lost the offer
received cobra notice...haven't been laid off.
anyone else who lost thier job because of covid-19?!
laid off today (staffing industry) - help?
laid off today (staffing industry) - help?
laid off in massachusetts?
what to tell recruiters after a year long gap of unemployment in resume?
is it a good idea to say that i'm okay taking a pay cut over some time since my company is struggling due to the coronavirus shutdown. i head our data analytical group but i'd rather take a pay cut than be deemed non essential and get laid off.. any thoughts?
lost job
laid off due to covid-19 - linkedin
should i take up a job at cvs during this crisis?
recently lost my job due to everything going on in the world, are there any legit jobs where i can work from home? i’m in college online so i was working a part time job. thank you guys!
with the stimulus can a reservist file for unemployment?
gf got laid off a month before the pandemic hit and unemployment hasn't responded
should i take a low-paying warehouse job or wait for unemployment?
do companies report if an individual declines a job offer to unemployment?
tried filing for unemployment and been unsuccessful. first time applying / question
tried filing for unemployment &amp; was unsuccessful. first time ever applying / question
crypto economy surprisingly resilient to coronavirus crisis
for those who are jobless or worried about being laid off due to covid19, here’s a crowdsourced website that will tell you what companies are currently hiring or have a hiring freeze
after being unemployed for a year, i finally got my dream job working fully from home at a very small company. i'm scared of being laid off immediately after hire - how can i prevent this?
i have a dumb question about unemployment given that i haven't actually been laid off.
i was laid off but the company received a government bailout and layoffs were rescinded. what are my obligations?
does my brother have to go back to work with covid-19 going on? or can he still get unemployment if he decides to self quarantine.
i was not sure it's a good idea to post it here but i think it can help many people who have lost their jobs along with their main source of family income. i hope it will help some others.
unemployment question (ca) dont want to go back to old job
at home job for a teen during a crisis
we offer free job automation to help you find your next job during the covid-19 crisis.
question about unemployment
unemployment question, do i have to actively search for a job still while the covid is still going on to collect benefits?
labor market roundup: retail hiring, unemployment numbers and more
i have never had a job and i am almost 30 years old. i have just taken life day-by-day since i dropped out of college 8 years ago. i live with my parents and they pay for everything for now but eventually it will be unsustainable. what should i do for work that earns at least $50k?
issue with wisconsin unemployment insurance?
job lost due to virus
laid off - what's next?
just got denied unemployment benefits.... what's the chance i appeal successfully? any tips on how to go about doing that?
can i qualify for unemployment benefits if i get fired for refusing to go to the office?
application upload drop-down list includes "interview questions and answers". what for?
my company is shutting down and furloughing everyone for 2 weeks due to the covid pandemic. we have to either use pto or be unpaid and claim unemployment. i'd appreciate some insight.
anyone been laid off while working from home due to coronavirus?
did i quit or get laid off?
covid-19: 3 recession proof it jobs in usa &amp; canada
after two years of grinding. i finally got a job in my field in february. and i just lost it due to the coronavirus outbreak
laid off - but still on payroll part time; can i just leave with no notice?
how you can find a job during the covid-19 crisis
artice is sharing with you where you can find a job during the covid-19 crisis
artice is sharing with you where you can find a job during the covid-19 crisis
the irs dropped a new tool so americans who don't file taxes can get their stimulus check faster
the irs dropped a new tool so americans who don't file taxes can get their stimulus check faster
unemployment insurance denied
i went to university dropped out, went to film school, made no money, now i want to be a programmer?! i'm 29. help.
looking for a job since i lost mine due to covid19 pandemic
dropping health insurance for higher pay?
was laid off from job due to covid after a month and a half, should i leave it off my resume?
jobs in hard times
lost my job
advice for next steps in the hiring process during covid-19 crisis
i was recently laid off from a job at a tech company. never signed an nda but still got my severance, i have received messages from the company asking me to sign it. do it need to?
aerospace r&amp;d engineer laid off. anyone got a remote position for me?
22m explain why i’d make money money if i was laid off &amp; collecting unemployment
jobs during crisis
what decent job can i get post-pandemic-economy-crash that’s non-labour, uses my skills, and doesn’t need a degree?
should i be telling interviewers that i was laid off?
should i work or collect unemployment?
getting unemployment if fired?
21 college dropout with 3 years of restaurant experience finding a way to get into a different industry
quit cna job during crisis?
applying for new job or waiting to be laid off
made a mistake on my unemployment application
laid off and denied unemployment, where to look?
job is decreasing wages by 5% and i make minimum wage, i can see the appeal for unemployment benefits.
what work can you make for yourself so you dont get laid off?
hours at my "essential" job are getting cut. i think i'd rather just get laid off and collect unemployment. am i wrong? should i be happy i even have a job?
anybody else having trouble planning your next move once this crisis is over?
2 jobs, can i collect unemployment?
what to do when you've lost a job opportunity
idk if i qualify for unemployment?
free covid-19 resources (links, unemployment, remote work, plus resume optimization)
getting laid off?
coworkers lost respect for me and my image is ruined as a new employee. makes me want to distance myself more. am i overthinking it?
wife applied for unemployment in texas. twc said she did not qualify for benefits because she did not earn enough in her base period. she made 51k during the base period. we are confused as to why she did not qualify.
is there any unemployment benefit for salaried employees with a temporary pay reduction?
i’ve been offered a new job, but have a feeling i’ll be laid off at my current job. how to make a graceful exit?
why dont people ask for an inflation clause?
how do i know i’ve been temporarily laid off or actually fired? haven’t gotten any word...
laid off with no where to go
salary negotiations in a recession
i was a 1099, do i qualify for unemployment benefits?
has anyone else lost their job or suffered severe pay cuts due to the virus?
how to develop a career after 2.5 years of unemployment; qualified teacher; (30m).
how to develop a career after 2.5 years of unemployment; qualified teacher; (30m).
albert brooks lost in america comedy movie - quit your job scene
how to develop a career after 2.5 years of unemployment; qualified teacher; (30m).
what jobs do you think will survive the global crisis?
advice needed: i tutor a kid and their mother wants me to do more work but also wants to drop my rate significantly because we can only do video sessions now
i'm am very confused about unemployment and need some help.
i lost my job recently. for anyone else who has lost their job in the last few weeks, the change curve has shown me how to pick myself back up again
need some serious unemployment help.
unemployment income and the pandemic unemployment assistance (pua) program
jobs lost due to covid-19
should i take a remote job i don't want during covid when i have unemployment?
if you've lost your job because of the coronavirus, add this page to your linkedin profile to explain the resume gap.
lost my job but not sure i can work full time again due to trauma. looking for insight or kind words.
cant find job during covid crisis
i was laid off from my part time job last month. if they offered me the position back once states begin to re-open am i obligated to take it?
would i be eligible for unemployment in these circumstances? i request a raise, get denied, state that i will need to find other employment, and get fired?
laid off, not sure i can work 2 more weeks
lost my job today, any leads on a entry level programming job?anything could help 😔
unemployment denied
mom out of job, unemployment denied, needs new job- advice?
is anyone making more money now on unemployment than their regular job? if so, will you go back to work if your former employer asks you to?
got laid off, what would be the best thing to do? (plan a or b,read post)
filed for unemployment but did not certify for benefits
lost a co-worker/ friend
is it possible that i'm still employed, or have i lost my job?
i'll be going live on a 10-day crash course to get a job in digital marketing. check the topics in the link.
can i get unemployment if i quit due to mental health issues
what are some ways to prepare for being laid off?
my boss is trying to re-open my workplace before the lockdown is lifted, how do i avoid going back without losing unemployment?
(uk) complain about bad business/hiring practices during the covid-19 crisis
confusing situation on unemployment benefits / my contract job and if i should leave / collecting part time unemployment benefits.
the us economy has wiped out all the job gains since the great recession
i haven’t received my unemployment payment?
let me get this straight, unemployment is paying higher more right now than staying at a job?
let me get this straight: unemployment is paying more right now than remaining at a job?
[article] let me get this straight: unemployment is paying more right now than remaining at a job?
[article]is unemployment is paying more right now than remaining at a job?
if i quit my job, but tell interviewers that i got laid off — what will my background check indicate?
i lost my job because of covid19.
i lost my job because of covid19.
i lost my job because of covid19.
laid off mid march due to covid-19, receiving unemployment in ky, offered temporary position for low pay.
lost my job this week, but not because of covid-19. my employer used it as an excuse.
update: i’ve been offered a new job, but have a feeling i’ll be laid off at my current job. how to make a graceful exit?
unemployment benefits vs working
i, a software engineer, was recently got laid off because of the pandemic. what can i learn to improve myself in the meantime and when should i start to apply again?
do a job for unemployment benefits
looking for way to voluntarily get laid off from new job during c19
really discouraged and depressed right now, can anyone give me some job ideas/future or even encouragement, given my situation. i've been struggling with feeling like an absolute loser for a year now. sorry for the debbie downer post, so just frickin lost right now.
really discouraged and depressed right now, can anyone give me some job ideas/future or even encouragement, given my situation. i've been struggling with feeling like an absolute loser for a year now. sorry for the debbie downer post, i'm just so lost right now.
can anyone give me some job ideas/future, given my situation. i've been struggling with feeling like a loser/failure a lot. sorry for the debbie downer post, i'm just so lost right now.
issues with my ca edd unemployment application
is negotiating salary wise during covid-19 and potential unemployment?
laid off
i got laid off and it's a bit funny but it's okay i guess
got laid off, need help
got laid off
should i mention my previously dropped degree?
i got laid off from my job april 1st, i accepted a new job that pays way less out of desperation, and lo and behold my unemployment gets approved 3 days after i start the new job, which pays double what i’ll make at the current job. what are my options?
i need urgent and straightforward advice. as we dive into a recession.
i’m about to be fired but accepted an internship, can i go on unemployment (ny)?
about to be fired but accepted an internship, can i go on unemployment(ny)?
i’m about to be fired but accepted an internship, can i collect unemployment (ny)?
vent about job searching/unemployment
i'm on unemployment after being laid off from work done through a staffing agency. what happen when they approach a new interview?
i'm on unemployment after being laid off from work done through a staffing agency. what happen when they approach a new interview? sei'm on unemployment after being laid off from work done through a staffing agency. what happen when they approach about a new interview?
i'm on unemployment after being laid off from work done through a staffing agency. what happen when they approach about a new interview?
i'm on unemployment after being laid off from work done through a staffing agency. what happens when they approach about a new interview?
laid off, hiring freezes, job leads drying up, visa pressure, ghosted by recruiters, how should i move forward？
will i still get unemployment if i make more with a part time job than i receive in unemployment?
lost my internship due to covid-19- looking for a remote one
got laid off, applied for unemployment and didn’t get approved until i already accepted a new job, after working there 3 days they alerted us that 3 people working there were positive for covid-19 but aren’t shutting down. i don’t feel safe working there anymore. can i quit and still get ui benefits
can i quit my contract job and collect unemployment under these new rules?
should i list in applications that i got laid off?
laid off due to covid19 and looking for jobs- am i being too picky?
looking to find a remote advocate/call/text position for crisis, advice, or just talking
just turned 16, wondering if it's possible and/or worth it to get a job during this crisis
do you need to give notice if you are laid off?
dropped out of college, then finished my degree years later
[florida] essential worker can i collect partial unemployment?
florida - essential worker can i collect partial unemployment
temporarily laid off yet still being asked to work.
seeking advice: my company is based in travel, just slashed my salary by 25% for 4 months, and has laid off people in other departments. is it time to start looking?
feeling lost, exhausted and in need of serious guidance
just want to help some of you make some side income in these hard times.
laid off from work, boss asked me to come back, can't come back till specific day.
[mn] job is no longer suitable for me, can i qualify for unemployment?
got laid off april 1st, employer accidentally paid me today
getting out of the long term unemployment trap.
got a job offer from unemployment insurance agency that i don't want, but i feel like i have to take it
21 immunocomrpomised high school drop-out
am i screwed for future job prospects, particularly so in the high unemployment rate environment of covid-19?
me and my wife (english teachers in turkey) both face unemployment in summer. what should we do considering the schools may not re-open for a long time?
my director asked me for a list of my tasks. am i getting laid off?
you getting laid off will be the best thing to ever happen to you
lost job in crypto company because of the codiv-19 pandemic
do employers have a legal obligation to rehire each staff member that was temporarily laid off due to covid-19 as stated on their roe? will employers use this virus as the perfect excuse to trim the fat/squeeze out unwanted staff?
lost job in crypto exchange because of the codiv-19. i am looking for new opportunities
got a job offer but thinking of turning it down because unemployment pays more
here's my personal story of why i quit my six-figure servitude...and my solution. i hope this helps anyone feeling lost or frustrated with limited options.
keeping unemployment after being laid off and then offered same job months later?
got a job offer but thinking of turning it down because unemployment pays more
i was laid off. my job has re-advertised. i'm on unemployment. do i need to (attempt to) let the dol know?
have you lost your job because of the corona virus? so let's make big money from home.
got a job offer but thinking of declining because it pays less than unemployment
[college student] recently found i i qualify for pandemic unemployment. how should i go about finding a non-paid internship this summer.
can you get unemployment if you're not fired/laid-off but temporarily unable to work due to injury?
did you know what you wanted to do in your 20s? quarter life career crisis!
temporarily laid off but was told to “find something else”
help please! laid off, getting taken back... should i ask for my raise?
being laid off from higher education it position. please review my resume.
just laid off, needs some advice.
this corona crisis causing insane high ghosting....
feeling pretty lost and directionless in my career
laid off - switching industries in my 30s
i feel really lost and anxious, help?
macy's fails their best workers in times of crisis!
how widespread is unemployment fraud?
got an offer for a temp job but i'm thinking of declining because it pays less than unemployment
got an offer for a temp job but i'm thinking of declining it because it pays less than unemployment
temporarily laid off and employment period on resume.
question about unemployment eligibility
being laid off in two months
applied for unemployment for my business a month ago and never heard back
am i being targeted to get laid off?
may have lost a job offer because i drank too much water before a drug test
i've just been hired and i need to bring 2 forms of identification in on monday. what if my parent lost my birth certificate?
a question for my unemployment
is it normal to feel anxious/worried leaving a job for another job in this crisis?
my job laid everyone off and is now doing callbacks just to not pay unemployment
my job laid everyone off and is now doing callbacks to not pay unemployment??
pls help me idk what to do i feel like i’m at a lost (covid/job related)
would an employer be understanding if someone else were to drop off your resume while you’re in isolation?
can i ask to be furloughed? will i be eligible for unemployment $?
should i put on my cv that i went to veterinarian school even if i dropped out?
university job i interviewed for frozen due to crisis - what do i do now?
should i take the furlough and see if i can get on unemployment?
laid off due to covid
unemployment due to covid?
start employee crashes company vehicle. worried about future. employer showing erratic behavior
lost my job and i’m starting to think my boss used covid as an excuse to get rid of me
14+ year legal assistant/paralegal laid off due to covid-19 - dallas, texas, but setup to able to work remotely.
i was laid off due to covid-19 on march 20th. was told my position was eliminated. today, i just found out that my previous job was listed online a week ago as “open” and is accepting applications.
your comments are appreciated! laid off :(
am i getting laid off?
last hired, first fired? black-white unemployment and the business cycle
laid off from work because of a stupid comment.
would i be eligible for unemployment after quitting with my health concerns?
is there an appropriate spot to place on your resume that you were laid off?
first time filing for unemployment/denied
i don’t wanna stay with a new job i start next week. i’d rather get unemployment and find a new/better job when ui entitlements are no longer higher than my income.
how one of the world’s biggest call centre companies (mis)managed the pandemic crisis - investigate europe
[article] how one of the world’s biggest call centre companies (mis)managed the pandemic crisis
[article] article on covid management failures on corporate level
so i lost my check at work and my employer won't pay me
can i reject returning to work and still keep unemployment benefits?
should you consider a job with hazard pay as a "nuclear option" to unemployment right now?
feeling lost, indecisive, anxious
i feel like a failure and dread going to work every day
20+ years as a restaurant manager laid off due to covid-19 i would love nothing more than to take this opportunity to find a new career any advice on where to start?
is my former employer trying to get me kicked off unemployment?
might be getting terminated from a company i've been at for nearly two years after covid forced us to work remotely (advice on what to do + unemployment insurance questions)
might be getting terminated from 2 year long employment with company + how to get approved for unemployment benfits (il)
are my coworkers (and possibly me) about to be laid off?
can i apply for unemployment if i worked my full contract?
recent college graduate but still completely lost
got the news today: i'm being laid off because my employer looking for cost-cutting methods
about to be laid off so should i quit before ??
i got a great job and was laid off a month in... do i include it on my resume?
lost your job? thank the ccp
lost your job? thank the ccp
[article] how to stand out as a candidate during times of high unemployment - resolute
can you still get unemployment if you quit?
if i choose to not relocate for my job, and the company lets me go- can i still file for unemployment (ca)
question about unemployment and working part time
i just got let go from my first job out of college and i feel like a failure. where do i go now?
i am 21, a college dropout, and i don't have any skills at least none that i know of. how do i get a job?
how you can find a job during the covid-19 crisis
unemployment insurance
[illinois] notice of interview for my unemployment benefits because i indicated i quit my job voluntarily?
i was just let go from my first job out of college and feel extremely lost and overwhelmed. what's next?
i filled unemployment under my small business but my current employer is being charged
unemployment and scam interviews
getting laid off next week. how should i go about it?
get unemployment benefits from a year ago?
what do i need to prove to the canadian government that i have been laid off so that i can apply for ei?
got laid off due to covid, then rehired a few weeks later.
does requesting unemployment claims have a chance hurt relations with your old employer?
company politics and feeling lost. should i quit my first job?
i’ve worked in the food industry for ~9 years and i’m sick of working in it honestly. been unemployed for two months, unemployment benefits may or may not hit 8-12 weeks from now. i want a new job but i have no skills and no desire to be around people.
applied for almost 1000 jobs and nothing's come of it. feeling extremely lost and need advice.
for those who are struggling to make ends meet because of the coronavirus, there is a discord channel to help with advice about unemployment benefits, pua, ppp, and more
unemployed woman waits nearly two months, makes 309 calls before finally getting her unemployment benefits this week as tennessee tries to cope with record jobless rate
never had a real job till 29 , got laid off within 2 months
misclassified as a 1099 during probation period, may get fired for performance. am i eligible for unemployment? should i resign?
do i qualify for unemployment at this point?
what to do when your phone interviewer drops the ball?
feeling lost - trying to get a foot-hold into project management but it seems like a catch-22
feeling lost, didn't feel like i got what i wanted after selection
what do i do now? i am lost.
job application asking if i am recieving unemployment benefits; red flag?
how to survive &amp; thrive during the crisis
covid pivot at work + lost
i just got laid off yesterday.
i was laid off from my recruiting job - should i wait to apply?
if a company has a region-wide announcement that employees are welcome to quit in order and receive a severance package, but the company insists that it’s not due to covid, how likely is it that they’re just trying to avoid paying extra unemployment?
how to quit immediately and gracefully during this crisis? considering i'm still stuck and can't leave the place because of quarantine.
just totally lost. really need advice.
what are you supposed to do if you see the date you’re supposed to be fired/laid off on your schedule and your manager doesn’t know you’re clued in?
got laid off, now i needa job
boss wanting me to come back to work even though i’ve lost a family member
just got laid off over the phone
do not name drop as a referral after explicitly being told no
this live layoff tracker can help those who lost jobs due to covid19
24m feel so lost and feel like i dont know what kind of careers are out there. please read and help!
can you ask to be laid off?
would i be eligible for unemployment? (nc)
just got laid off from my first job out of college, don’t have any good references what are my options?
i was laid off without being told. anything i should do about it?
end of 6-month employment contract was i fired, laid off, or terminated?
learn these 5 digital skills to become recession proof (high income skills for 2020)
bad crisis after graduation and help to keep a positive attitude
got laid off, now company is trying to bring me back and saying that if i decline, they do technically report it and i would lose unemployment. is this true?
recalled from lay-off. don’t want to return but will lose unemployment. let boss know i will return but going to keep job searching?
got laid off recently due to covid, clueless what to do next
have any of you recently lost your jobs?
i just recently got laid off due to covid cut backs and i'm nervous that i will have to uproot my family and move to another state/country. any words of comfort or advice from anyone who has had to move for a job?
am i able to quit my job and collect pandemic unemployment until i can start my new job?
burnout has led to massive productivity drop. considering leaving.
is it wise to drop off resume and cover letter in person even after applying for a job posting online?
i lost my job
in the age where the unemployment in the us is ridiculously high, what are some fairly easy marketable skills to learn?
please complete survey to help build unemployment app
i lost my photo id and need a job! (not under the table) catch 22 due to covid-19!!!! help!
laid off, how likely is it i will be rehired at my old workplace and how likely is it i will be rehired somewhere else?
feeling lost
twc/unemployment/appeal tribunal
from furloughed to laid off
could i have lost the job due to miscommunication during the background check?
any advice dealing with an unemployment benefit appeals?
got laid off. should i stay in a smaller role?
for anyone that has been laid off or fired. are these some warning signs? or am i being paranoid?
i lost my job last month. i am in a financial crunch now. i am a social media marketer and a content writer. can anyone help me in getting a part-time or full-time job?
so upset. felt like recruiter/agency led me on for over a month just to drop a bomb on me today
lost my job will be homeless. can anyone hhelp me get a job in miami
considering leaving a $170k / year it contracting job in middle of recession because of a terrible boss and colleagues being badly treated.
i've been told if i don't take this voluntary incentive program offered to everyone, i am likely to be laid off (short tenure and very high salary, staff level). need advice.
got laid off what's the best way to approach them about future work?
severance question, job lost via restructuring
22 years old and extremely lost and tired of retail job
laid off then rescinded without any discussion with hr or manager - what should i do?
employment ending and now completely lost on how to proceed.
lost potential job because my bosses told them i wasn’t a good worker, despite them always telling me otherwise?
any ex-engineers here who moved onto something more fulfilling? getting laid off in a month and not sure i want to go back to a traditional engineering job.
got verbal offer today but already certified for next round of unemployment benefits
any intern onboarding/working remotely feel lost and disconnected?
difficulty finding a job, feeling lost and hopeless
if i leave my job due to a family member who is high risk can i still collect unemployment? (ny)
should i email talent recruiter again or drop it/be patient?
got family suggesting i drop a job offer over the idea that a better option isn't far away.
got laid off today due to covid, worried my employer is being shady
i hate my job and my city, want to move closer to my family, but afraid to leave my job now given the covid situation and unemployment rates.
recently laid off due to c-19 and was looking forward to a bit of a summer break, to be honest. now one week later i've been offered a job at another company. is it stupid to turn it down looking at the likely tough job market in the next 6-12 months
furloughed to permanently laid off.
lost cause or still hope?
how to list 3 year dropout in linkedin profile ?
lost a great job offer and it was my fault. could use advice or encouragement going forward.
not sure how big of a deal this is. need advice. submitted a resume for a job got laid off in april but my resume still states that i still work there, and when i applied it shows that i still work there/it was my last job. im not sure how to explain this as i cannot go back in and edit application.
got laid off, interview prep?
one year out of college and i feel like an absolute failure. completely disillusioned and hopeless.
i got laid off during covid. my new job gave me a crazy pay bump. now i am a manager at age 24 and don't know how to handle things.
will i receive unemployment if i get fired for telling my boss i won't do part of my job anymore?
looking to take a leap and relocate without a job lined up, am i setting myself up for career failure?
mild quarter life crisis advice?
can't get unemployment, work won't enforce masks, want to stay quarantined and have over a year's worth of savings. is it crazy to quit and and stay home for a year?
i was laid off two days ago, closure interview?
can i turn down severance pay and still receive unemployment?
been laid off and covid 19 is making it hard to get employed.
am i a failure for not working for a year even tho i am 25 and have an ma and a bfa?
lost motivation to apply to jobs
work make more $$$ on covid unemployment.
i’ve lost all interest in applying for jobs
completely lost and unsure of what to do
resigning due to toxic work environment and bullying. how to write a resignation that will still allow them to collect unemployment benefits?
lost my job due to covid, need one !! anybody who's recruting ?
unemployment
jobs for a college dropout
i lost my job because i attempted suicide while at work. what is the best way to explain my employment gap?
got laid off from covid. attempting to enter the entertainment industry with the ultimate goal of being a comedy writer for tv and hollywood. vague idea where to start. am i dreaming too big?
is "we'll call you when we need you because it's too slow" the same as being laid off?
just got laid off. yup, work had slowed down significantly at this huge company i started working for last year in november. ive literally spent all these months doing a job that was totally different than the one discussed at the interview and that's why work slowed down for me.
what do i put for my unemployment benefits?
did i get fired? what do i put for unemployment?
got laid off and received a new offer somewhere else. not sure of right decisions.
if you were laid off due to covid19, do you think your company/industry will survive?
completely lost... advice
how should you dress if you're dropping off resumes?
i'm completely lost about my possible future career
which industries do you think will be affected positively by this crisis?
is drop servicing a scam?
my boss asked me to work for him after being laid off in late march.
so lost
unemployed: i received an offer which i had to accept due to unemployment, but now another company i wanted to work for is interviewing me.
i'm so lost. third mates unlimited tonnage license. land jobs.
33yo-m. tired of job hunting. tired of unemployment. tired of tight finances. tired of work and 'careers'. tired of life. why not just end it now?
unemployment anxiety.. no call backs, no offers, this is a nightmare
how to fill up post university unemployment gap?
career after highschool and college dropout
help writing a letter to prevent being laid off!
i’ve been recently laid off and looking to change out of arts focused organisations. what are good industries or career paths to look into?
lost all motivation to find a job
anyone feeling more lost post-university then pre-university?
furloughed &amp; on unemployment. new job starts on the 20th. need advice on how to leave current job. [michigan]
unemployment eligibility
too many callbacks. now i’m lost
59 and got laid off, any tips for older individuals on the job hunt with extremely science based and technical backgrounds?
side jobs for a college drop out
views on dropshiping business model
do you want to know how to face the financial crisis in the best possible way?
should i consider this job opportunity lost since they haven’t contacted me?
any possibility of collecting unemployment due to covid and at-risk family member?
feeling lost
struggling to find a job, but need one fast. feeling lost. any advice?
struggling to find a job, but need one fast. feeling lost. any advice?
turned down job over 100 miles away. can i still file unemployment?
shoud i mention being laid off due to covid-19 on my resume?
got a new job after being laid off, old job wants me back after two months.
got laid off, got a new job now old job wants me back.
does an employment background check show the reason you left a job? (voluntary, fired, laid off, etc)
i lost my job due to coronavirus closures that led me to finally land my dream job
will i qualify for unemployment if i quit my job due to no covid-19 prevention protocols?
will i qualify for unemployment if i quit my job due to no covid19 preventions?
will i qualify for unemployment if i quit my job due to no covid-19 preventions in place?
will i qualify for unemployment benefits if i quit my job due to no covid-19 preventions being put in place?
unemployment question
need help updating my cv after covid related unemployment
can someone please explain how unemployment payments work? #frusturated
would someone be able to explain how unemployment payments work?
background check, resume, and unemployment question [california, us]
explain unemployment gaps when really, it's simple as "not a strong candidate." ? (wa state)
should i drop out of university for a full time job?
is it ok to take a break from working after getting laid off?
unable to find a job, big gap of unemployment
claiming unemployment as a commission based salesman with no sales?
is pharma industry recession proof?
i want to quit my job, but should i during this economic crisis?
if national jobs unemployment rate over 1%, then the problem is your government &amp; groups behind
after getting laid off months ago, i finally got an email back from a job i applied to! before i can interview though, i need to answer these customer support questions and would love for some input. i came up with some answers myself but want to make sure they're good!
dropping a hint in a conversation with a colleague: getting paid to get along -&gt; but no money, no honey
how to handle long unemployment gap?
advice on handling unemployment gap in resume/interviews?
when is the best time to drop off resume in fast food restaurants? weekends not an option?
need to get a better job for the family. feel lost. help
advice about unemployment while i look for a new job
lost your job, now what
internship/job needed (i lost my internship due to coronvirus)
how would i follow up after dropping off my resume?
worried about starting work after 8 months of unemployment
lost job due to covid-19 , still struggling to get one , some suggestions please.
my dad is a 61 year old accounting professional and was laid off from previous position and needs help
is it even worth getting a min wage job if they extend the unemployment benefits?
is it okay to say in interview that i dropped out of school because it was too hard/couldn't study multiple hours a day?
lost another job to the predictive index - what's the trick?
is it normal to feel lost and not sure what to do at a new job?
[nyc] got laid off, still waiting on paycheck
what’s the best way to get laid off so i can get on unemployment?
lost interest in job
is it wise to go back on unemployment?
i am completely lost after covid. i'm almost 40. i feel overwhelmed with picking a new career.
is it hard to get a job without work experience? should i accept this current job? help a lost redditor!
when does a hobby/side-business/startup/beer-money etc disqualify you from unemployment?
lost on how to choose a career?
laid off of my first job since college, any advice?
do i qualify for unemployment? was told that "we're parting ways" starting next month.
lost last check
miserable at my job. can i quit and go on unemployment?
signed up for unemployment, but now attending school.
thinking of dropping a sem. currently, a sophomore at a college in u.s. need advice about consequences on recruitment for me further down the line. thanks!
so what exactly happens with an employer when an employee goes on unemployment?
please help because i feel so lost.
got laid off june 1st and 1st interview is today - i feel like this company is advertising job as "assistant" but i'm skeptical
using sick days before being laid off
can i ask to be laid off?
help - i was laid off but they keep hiring new employees - should i call labour board?
lost another one...
how do i know if i'm setting myself up for failure?
since being laid off, my parents have offered to help pay for trade school / technical school to train for a new career. what are some in-demand, decently paying jobs that i should consider?
unemployment dilemma
unemployment and online tutoring
been looking for a new job since end of march when i got laid off. having a hard time navigating job postings that match with my skills.
been looking for a new job since the end of march when i got laid off. having a hard time navigating job postings that match with my skills.
got fired from a job but i have a new job, should i lie and say i got laid off?
accept a new position or stay on unemployment?
with high unemployment, is now really the best time for change?
how i lost my last job over a lunch pack
best way to let employers know i was laid off due to covid?
employer "decided i quit" while i was reporting them to dol for wage theft. how do i handle future job interviews? unemployment?
kinda lost a job opportunity cause i don’t know how to drive huh...
lost all my motivation in my current role as a big 4 consultant - is it time to quit?
how to get fired/let go and still be able to collect unemployment
need opinion: got laid off, offered a job at great company, but months away due to security clearance process
advice for guy recovering from a health crisis who hasn’t worked in three years...
an 18 year old dropout looking for aid with a resume
how hard it is to get a job as a college dropout?
my dad lost his job
to those who lost their jobs or find it hard looking for a new job because of covid-19, would you take an opportunity if it seemed fair to learn a new trade like cnc machining or welding or even plumbing?
broke and sad - there’s no such thing as funemployment
being laid off soon - unmotivated to put my best effort in
feeling lost and unable to find work
bachelors degree, 1 year and 2 months of unemployment, 1,177 applications
feeling lost
just got laid off from my new job
laid off from covid a month ago, manager messaged me that my position might open again.
lost an opportunity due to visa restrictions in the uk
any american's freaked out by the thought of millions of ppl running out of unemployment soon?
was laid off end of june. just sold our house and am searching for a decent job.
if i was laid off years ago, and they have completely new management now, can i apply to that same place again?
can anyone put these national unemployment numbers into context? the statistics are so huge, they're mind-boggling (and confusing)
severe mental health crisis; new job and unsure what to do.
laid off, now i'm scared to even apply for jobs. i feel inadequate and lost.
6 tips to follow if you have lost job during covid 19
just got laid off but given a weird opportunity- looking for advice
advice on how to pretend unemployment?
(canada) got laid off but i was hired through employment agency. do i qualify for cerb?
crashing and burning at my new job?
which jobs will be of demand during a financial crisis?
how do i tell my coworkers/manager that i'm no longer interested in going back to work after being laid off for months?
seriously, how do you actually get a job? it feels like an impossible thing. if jobs are so important, then shouldn't they be easier to get, yes? i am 30 years old, did well in school (4.0 gpa in college with 170 credit hours until i dropped out) and have never had a job.
i need advice, do i accept this job? or do i continue to collect unemployment?
should i try for a masters? unemployed for 7 months now, worked at a chicago options market making firm out of college, laid off in january, ~2 years experience. almost 25 year old
my employer posted my job after laying me off last month. does being laid off still give me room to get a fair salary negotiation?
lost job, feeling unconfident and demotivated
does anyone can tell me some way to earn some money online, i lost my job today, i got three kids to feed
i am so lost: do i stay with my current job that’s unrelated to my career field or do i quit and freelance in my actual field for a while?
22f don't qualify to be admitted for the degree i want to get into... feeling extremely lost what should i do?
extend covid unemployment benefits
lost about what to do. just had an interview but i don't know how i should take it.
laid off but offered a replacement job that requires relocation...is that a way to avoid severance and unemployment?
does this means my job is a kind of laid off or they want me quit my job?
need advice in terms of where to start off for my desired career. feeling pretty lost.
i`m 33 looking into a new job with no college degree. i feel lost, but this my approach right now.
unemployed since graduation (almost a year ago) and i feel so lost.
looking for people currently undergoing unemployment to participate in my qualitative study.
accept a low-paying full time ra job as a new master's grad or face unemployment and keep searching?
moved to a city for work, and was laid off
unemployment dilemma
25, lost, need direction!
those who lost their jobs due to the virus .
i don’t want to be laid off again
i got cold feet and lost an opportunity to apply for my dream job
got laid off and now they want me to train my replacement
lost my job due to very illogical reasons
i feel like i'm being set up for failure at work
recent college grad feeling lost about career
been on furlough for 3 to 4 months, am i gonna get laid off
need advice on whether i should work during a 2 month unemployment gap because i’ll be getting a new job immediately after
looking for advice for my 50+ year-old mother who recently got laid off.
lost all the interest for my job
lost my first job after 3 weeks 'not a fit for the company'
recently got laid off and i don't know how to move forward
unemployment help - i picked up a part time job and also did an artwork commission
unemployment appeal hearing
i'm lost.. please give me some advice
i'm getting older and i need to start thinking about the future but i'm just lost i need help
well i got a part-time job so that i could go to school while helping out, and now my fiancé lost his full-time job
2 young former employees at my office are making more money off unemployment than i am working there. i don't get it.
dear r/jobs .. i've lost my job and need to ask you for your help
lost my job. looking for a part time but i can't find anything i can do.
my husband lost his job yesterday. i’m freaking out!
after 34 applications of failure, i finally got my offer accepted
inflation adjustment pay raise
anyone apply to so many jobs that you lost track?
i’m lost (in terms of work)
people who graduated in 2008 during the recession...is life screwed for the next couple of years?
lost at a younger age
almost 30 and lost, help or advice appreciated
had a falling out with coworker over the weekend who was just laid off.
uk; lost my job due to coronavirus
lost two jobs in as many years, any advice would be greatly appreciated
lost a job offer because of covid - include it on my cv anyway?
should i include a job i was laid off from in my resume?
should i put job i lost after a week on cv ?
i'm in my 30's and i've lost count at how many times i've been laid-off/job-terminated. i always got back up, but... i still need some help.
lost for what job i can do with arthritis in my ankles
lost a chance at my dream job because my phone was on silent
21 year old poor college drop out tired of the service industry. advice?
found a new job 3 months after getting laid off. some advice for those still searching
lost at trying to find my first job
super lost at finding my first job
didn’t get a job twice. i’m very bummed. feeling sad and lost. it’s been 5 months
laid off and it sucks and i’m sad
lost chiropractor looking for new career
got laid off for the second time in a month. hard to find the motivation to try again.
got laid off for the second time in a month. hard to find the motivation to try again.
27 years old, never had a job. lost all hope
how not giving my 2 weeks at work saved me from unemployment
school bus industry in crisis because of coronavirus
i lost my job due to covid, got a new one then this happened lol
i lost my social security card before orientation
hired after 2 years of unemployment after college (long post)
about to start job searching during high unemployment, with no car, and only a small amount of work experience. wish me luck!
young professional who lost job in feb 2020. currently still unemployed.
lost money from pizza deliveries today
jobs similar to the crisis text line but pays
pandemic has me lost.
after more than a year of unemployment, i’m starting tomorrow at my dream company
on unemployment, got interview, got offered job, then got email saying they went with another candidate, then more emails about getting hired? what, if anything, do i tell unemployment?
29m - laid off from one in a million job, desperate to avoid employment gap. generalist with no specific skillset.
i lost my job a few months ago. now it's time to get back on the horse and i don't know what to do.
i just got rejected for a job today and i completely lost my mind when they gave me the news.
i got rejected for a job today and i completely lost it on the phone call.
i feel lost about my future career and would greatly appreciate some guidance.
i got my dream job and lost it in an instant
feeling lost
unemployment
unemployment hearing(i’ve already received funds for a few months)
21 year old college dropout previously stuck in retail hell, suddenly a $55k/yr administrative assistant
unemployment for 2yrs
what happens if you tell your manager to give you a raise or you are willing to be terminated and collect unemployment?
lost job after two days
got a job offer yesterday after 5 months of unemployment. 75 jobs applied to, only one request for interview
lost in career
completely lost with a bachelors in mathematics
laid off and looking for a career.
will four years at university be considered a gap in unemployment?
recently laid off. how to proceed in interviews?
2 long-term employees were just let go. i may be laid off or fired soon. what do i do?
is it dumb to negotiate pto right now considering we're in a recession/pandemic?
just got laid off...
lost job - hopeless and confused
unemployment emotional support advice
government workplace has become increasingly toxic and internal opportunities stifled. teams are kept understaffed so that they can't progress. how can i prepare for my next career move under these conditions while waiting out the covid recession?
got a line cook job after 6 months of unemployment couldnt be more relieved!!!
i am so lost.. need help on this desicion concerning my job.
support communities for laid off and unemployed?
i am going to be laid off in the future... what do i put on my resume?
lost job due to covid
still feeling pretty lost at my job two months in. is this normal?
was recently rejected after getting to the final round of interviews and the job was posted again a few days ago. i have a good idea of what i did wrong in the interview and feel i could rectify the boss's perception if given a second chance. is it worth it to reapply or is it a lost cause?
what is the likelihood of being laid off after a merger?
4 months ago i lost my job and my so and today i finally landed a full time role!
putting that you were laid off due to covid on your resume?
i was laid off a year ago due to my company restructuring and "eliminating" my position. just saw my old position posted
soooo i'm lost
chemistry technician, no degree, ~1 years of work experience, living in a 3rd world country with %25 unemployment rate, need advice on launching my career
[nj] wife got her job back, how should she handle unemployment benefits?
i stood in amazon's unemployment line for an hour today. i hope i don't get stuck in this job.
lost job due to pandemic. others in similar situations?
aspergers, adhd, anxiety. college dropout+no license. stuck in retail hell for years. going insane on a regular basis, help
i just graduated and feel lost. savings are dwindling and rent is getting scary. any advice on how to find work?
after 7 months of unemployment, i finally got an offer.
got laid off due to covid, now my work put out a resume for my job
how much time does a boss need to give you to tell you that you are being laid off?
job abandonment and unemployment
i was laid off a couple of months ago and someone from the company wants to talk to me
should i list classes i dropped on my resume?
got my dream job and lost it. can't seem to get hired again.
do i have a chance to find a job again after a 10-year unemployment gap?
been laid off since april, got an interview!
i actually follow this reddit to feel better about my unemployment.
people on unemployment benefits, should we just embrace it and stop looking until it's running out?
kind of lost
i’ve lost motivation
question about unemployment in california
i just started college and i am lost with life.
what are the career options for a sales guy who was laid off during this pandemic
terminated after being told i was laid off
how many of you living life on unemployment?
is it possible to be laid off from a job you just started?
valuable coworker, diversity and inclusion advocate in organization, laid off
dead ends, career identity crisis, choices
i got laid off today but i gotta job offer a couple hours later
after 14 months of gap year / unemployment i finally have an offer but i'm confused
should i wait until unemployment benefits end to search for a job?
advice for a college dropout who is moving out soon?
global unemployment rate in 2020 unemployment rate jumps to highest level since wwii 2020
6 months of unemployment
lost out on a job because i'm a student
got laid off, now company is asking me to pay them back excess pto
got told was best candidate for job; lost it anyway to internal candidate.
illinois central job placement for those affected by the opioid crisis.
unemployment runs high for youth in certain communities. many of our nation’s youth have neither high school diplomas, nor postsecondary credentials. kinetic potential knows this should not be a barrier to success. we believe #everyonecangopro.
why are there so many dropouts in computer science jobs/courses?
updating linkedin after being laid off
spouse may be laid off, need advice
interviewing mojo lost, how to get it back?
the top tips in job searching during a recession
unemployment and delayed professional service payments
should i just drop out instead of looking for internships
anyone else feeling hopeless or lost amidst the job process?
lost job 2 years ago.
lost my job in the end of june, heard nothing from anywhere since then
i've completely lost motivation in my job search. what can i do?
laid off in april and still unemployed. applied to hundreds of jobs.
dear temp agencies ... my failure interviewing is also due to your lack of information in your job descriptions..
can i say i was laid off when i actually quit?
i feel like such a failure.
need help, i'm lost and disappointed (for myself)
i just got laid off; what do i do?
lost...
a lost graduate seeking some advice
how to answer this unemployment question on application?
lost...
professional failures of 2019- now
was i fired or laid off? applying for unemployment.
lost my job but found an even better one a couple days later!
lost not sure whether to do it, computer science, or change careers.
lost not sure whether to do it, computer science, or return to my previous job as a firefighter?
what are the signs you’re getting laid off
[usa] california state university published remote employment resource to help combat unemployment crisis
currently laid off and on severance. should i list myself as still employed?
looking for career advice - i'm at a dead end and feeling lost
post-uni unemployment, rejections, trying not to get depressed
can't find a job, no one wants to train. i don't want to be a cashier forever, tired of being a failure
unemployment is maxed out and i feel paralyzed by worry
got laid off been looking unsuccessfully, feels kind of hopeless
recently graduated college as a spanish studies major, current graduate student, and in the middle of my first quarter-life crisis.
ok to tell the hiring manager that i got laid off at my previous company due to covid?
burnt-out art director with a time consuming social media "influencer" side hustle to sustain : drop my career for the side project ?
listing unemployment gap on resume?
take the job or severance/ unemployment ?
is it better to take short term underemployment or continue unemployment to focus on getting a better job?
lost my offer due to being greedy
did i choose the wrong job, or is it my fear of failure / my anxiety getting in the way?
recently unemployed. haven't recieved my first unemployment payment yet... super concerned about money going forward. need advice.
job offer! after one year of job search: here are advice, failures, embarrassments, and more...
economic shocks, like what we are experiencing as a result of covid19, are often the root cause of economic downturns and recessions. recognizing this challenge, kinetic potential has focused its wioa project teams on:
told date of final interviews, asked if i was still searching for a job, and then dropped
lost of interest
got laid off today
how do you deal with chronic unemployment?
advice please: i am in the u.s/ca. i was scheduled to be laid off by the end of the month and then this happened:
fired-best strategy for unemployment
what are the different ways companies choose who should be laid off?
undergrad feeling like a failure at work
can somebody help me finding the work from home jobs that paying regularly and legitimate, i lost my job last week!
best jobs for medical school dropout?
lost my id and i won’t be able to get a new one until late november. i have a job interview tomorrow. what should i do?
i was layed off of at at&amp;t because i am high risk, back in april. they called me to come back, and my unemployment ran out, so i am considering it. being high risk, is at&amp;t a good job to go back to during covid19?
feeling lost about career
i've just accepted a conditional job offer. do i drop out of the running for other positions now, or wait until things are formalised?
college drop out
broke college dropout (21m). adhd/hfa. get me out of the customer service cycle
my mom (48) might lost her job at a place she’s loved working at for over 25 years, i don’t know what to do
laid off from big 4 as a senior consultant haven't been working for 2 weeks need help
solve my quarter-life crisis?
i feel lost
denied goverment assistant lost job in pandemic hope!
graduate- lost first job and still can't find another
dropping out
good luck to people who actually loved their majors ,felt competent and weren’t forced to do it. god bless people like me stuck in majors they hate, low gpa, lost creativity because of incompetence and rolling the dice everyday to get a job.
laid off but received a little severance, when can i apply for ue?
i just got laid off, i received a severance package and separation agreement. is there anything i should know?
i'm 23, have a bacherlor's, and feel extremely lost as to what to do for my career
i'm 23, have my bachelor's of science, and feel completely lost as to what career i want to pursue
should i be honest in my job interview that i was laid off from my previous job ?
laid off twice in 2020, what now?
am i about to get laid off?
feeling lost - company decided to restructure and hire someone else (external candidate) into my own role
company is crashing and burning. need advice on jumping ship.
why did it become harder to find a job after the 2007 crash and will the situation be even worse after covid19?
we both got laid off on the same day, what to do from here?
i lost 3 jobs during the last year and i feel so insecure now
took a minimum wage job outside of my field after 7 months of unemployment &amp; a master's degree
i need more responses. maybe this sub has more answers? i was working pt job and then took loa to do another job. 2nd job ended and can collect unemployment. i have no filed yet. can i quit my pt-job-on-loa and be in the clear? i don't want to go back to my pt job.
recruiter set me up for failure, how do i recoup in my interview follow up.
laid off - first time unemployed in 10 years - what has changed in job searching? how do i approach this?
twice phd dropout, was unemployed before covid.
23m dropping out of law school to become a cop due to a lack of financial support and motivation
lost job, should i be concerned?
recently laid off - my former hr manager said cobra health insurance is 500 a month?
laid off recently, evaluating other options
i’m 27 and feel lost in my career
is it reasonable to expect a comparable salary from my previous job? recently laid off.
can you apply for edd again after being laid off from a full time job? ?
i'm exhausted, and i just lost out because of it.
i’m a 20 year old drop out with medical issues/pain what can i do
after 7 months of unemployment, i finally have a job, but the boss is absolutely horrible
i lost my job due to covid, looking for something else as a full-time student.
how do you bounce back quickly after being laid off?
laid off...here me out. just want to bitch...
23m dropped out of law school to become a police officer due to money . in time of major crisis
23m dropped out of law school and looking for a job in law enforcement due to bad finances and a marriage
unemployment, need funds for baby
veteran that transitioned to private sector and feeling lost - looking for advice
2nd week on the job. feeling kind of lost and its making me anxious
trump's enhance unemployment benefits
[il] how does a bootcamp affect unemployment insurance if at all?
lost my job at my own fault
i feel like i made a big mistake rejoining my employer when i was getting unemployment. now i don't know what to do.
laid off &amp; wondering whats next
can i file for unemployment before my last day of work?
lost my dream job :(
what are some entry level jobs that pay decent that you love? i'm lost and would appreciate suggestions youve personally experienced
i 23(f) lost my job at the start of my pandemic. i was working as a kindergarten teacher and an assistant english teacher. i have done my bachelor's in english literature and currently pursuing my bachelor of education. any skills i should pick up while i look for a job as an english teacher.
quarter life crisis
issues with job and boss never contacting me. i think he is trying to get me to quit to get out of paying unemployment.
has anyone ever felt jealous of someone they lost the job to?
lost promotion because "needed in my current role"
leave my okay job with rock solid job security, for high paying construction union job with high risk of being laid off sporadically?
how to structure myself for upcoming period of unemployment?
starting a new contract-to-hire job that's a partial career transition (from military and government to corporate crisis management): got hired a step below what i think i deserve, how do i strategize to get promoted as quickly as possible?
call center had a vague meeting stating some departments are being laid off
my dad has been unemployed since nov 2019. need some help. lost all hope. i can't take it anymore.
when a boss tells me they dont trust me anymore, how am i to feel about it and what to do? also its about to be low season.are they trying to make me quit withought me getting unemployment? whats up?
i want to ask for a drop in hours at work, how can i do that and what reason could i give without being fired?
i think i just lost my job
i think i just lost my job
can i get a job in tech industry after 2 years of unemployment?
recent graduate -- completely lost on jobs available to me, really need advice
college dropout trying to find a work from home job
graduated for 2 years feeling lost/trapped, need advice
got laid off 2 weeks after being told i was getting promoted.
how to convince management to stop comparing us to local failures while justifying reasons for our own failure?
lost trying to change careers
gaps in unemployment due to domestic violence
i'm a lost student, i need someone advice
understanding the root cause of unemployment and underemployment of recent college graduates
i’ve been laid off today. i’m a bit lost on the next step?
current year 10 student looking to drop out. (australia)
i'd hate to add even more competition to the pile but after almost eleven months of unemployment i got two interviews within the last few days. the job of research interviewer seems like the answer
due to the pandemic, a lot of jobs are not hiring so there are not a lot of jobs opening to apply to. so it's been extra hard to find a job. to the jobs i have applied so far, i've been rejected by all. at this point, i feel lost!
california state university released mega list of remote vacancies across the nation to help combat unemployment crisis during covid-19
(30 m uk) another, lost after covid redundancy individual
got hired, filled out paperwork and then laid off 2 days later? still trying to process....
lost my job due to covid. life is upside down now.
how to explain in a cover letter that i was forced to drop out?
i’m so lost at my new job. i feel like everyday is my last day with them. should i quit?
is it basic practice for wages to rise with inflation rates?
i lost a very expensive key to client property - what do i do?
in a way is it a good thing for anybody else that you were rejected from certain jobs last year or early this year, because you probably would’ve lost the job cause of covid?
my company laid off a large portion of our it department and its killing us
22 yr old , college drop out in dire need of well paying job . whats out there for me?
if i quit a full time job during probation period due to not feeling safe bc two out of four of us contracted covid? would i still get unemployment benefits due to the fact that i could be putting myself and family in jeopardy?
getting laid off in 2 hours
laid off in march as a graphic designer, hated the job/company. now driving for amazon and absolutely love it. any others with similar story?
i feel lost and overwhelmed
should i (28, f) resign from my job without a new prospect at a time of pandemic / economic recession?
layed off from company i helped start after almost 10 years. feeling pretty lost in new job landscape.
finishing my masters in kinesiology in december, but i feel lost and unsure of what to do next for a potential career or job. i'm feeling pretty bummed out.
25 stuck feeling lost
23 feeling lost
lost my job..again
just got laid off
lost my job after getting hired
i am having my first job interview on tuesday and i am lost
first interview in a long time of unemployment. how much to share/not share?
lost everything. got a felony harassment and considering suicide.
media request from vox: class of 2020, how did covid-19 &amp; recession affect your job prospects?
just lost my job today. need help with networking.
how do i, or should i, signal on linkedin that i dropped out of university?
i am absolutely miserable at my current job but feel horrifically guilty because i'm privileged enough to actually have a good job in the middle of a pandemic/recession. advice appreciated.
laid off while interviewing - do i tell prospective employer?
[unemployment research] hi guys can you help a student out and let me know how you manage your job applications? i have been tasked with finding out job seekers pains during job searches!
unemployment
does anyone else feel guilty doing the stuff they once enjoyed because of unemployment?
another failure
i continue to drop the ball in my new position. what should i do?
personal thoughts on getting laid off from work for the first time
transform your mid-career overcome your mid-career crisis and transform your career built on your usp with life time happiness.
feeling a bit lost after coding bootcamp
ah...so a 15 minute skills test indicates that i'm a failure. great...
laid off because company wouldn't listen to me
leaving current job in fear of getting laid off. how to answer "why are you applying for this position?" question from new job?
failure to provide recommended documents in job application? (letter of recommendation)
now 2 months of being laid off, still cannot find work. just need to vent
advice on new job anxiety and fear of failure.
no job and highscool dropout.
failure to allow meeting of the minds
announcing: a free cv rewrite every week in december &amp; jan for a redditor who's lost their job to this brutal pandemic
it took me seven months to find a new job because i lost my old one takeover and it’s just been gone again....
how often do people get fired/laid off? (aside from covid)
was laid off from company i enjoyed working for. formed my own company to consult with employer i just left for a handful of customers i supported. considering now consulting to those customers directly. question inside.
does everyone get fired/laid off at least once in their life?
completely lost. legal industry -&gt; media focused role
kinda lost about my career in 10th grade
career crisis 2nd job offer this year not worked out, how to recover
seeking advice, im lost on what to do
lost again
lost both jobs due to covid, having no luck applying. please advise
ex-boss is ghosting me, but i need information from them to file for unemployment.
is there a website where you can see unemployment stats broken out by job title by city?
is it an employment gap/unemployment if you have a job but didn't start yet?
high school drop out (sydney, australia)
i feel like i lost out on opportunities because of not being productive in college and from lack of information
21 year old lost
i was promoted and feel like i lost my job.
unemployment benefit getting contested.
disclosing i was laid off
how do i get my 401k stuff from my previous employer that hasn’t technically fired me but hasn’t responded to me since being laid off in march?
had to quit my job to go back to school and i feel like i'm going through some sort of spiritual crisis
being unemployed for so long makes me feel like a failure
fake unemployment claims
my mom (57) with no formal education lost her job. how can i help her find a job?
i'm worried i lost out on a job opportunity because my internet cut out...what do you think?
i voluntarily left my job in contractor position in april, moved from oklahoma to colorado in august and am still unemployed despite trying. is unemployment an option?
moms making me drop out of college
early 20’s, recently laid off, and am trying (failing) to break into an office job environment. any suggestions/advice?
worrying unemployment claims trend
lost as a 20y/o
i'm lost and so feel dead inside....
starting to think dropping out of med school for plumbing isn't a good idea. how hard are trades really?
screw it, i’m going to enjoy unemployment.
good careers for hs dropouts?
marketing platform for your online business. the all in one place! kartra • minimize the points of failure and stress 😍 • awesome for the pro...great for every joe! 💗 • it's all sate in the cloud 💪 • saves you a lot of money! 💵 • there is more opportunity in the kartra than clickfunnels.🤩
6 months of unemployment has ended but i still feel dead inside. i think i hate working.
my unemployment roller coaster 🎢
got an offer one month after laid off and here are my thoughts
what is the difference between fired and laid off in an at-will state?
company laid off most team managers, including mine. should i be concerned?
ask to be laid off instead of me quitting
i feel like a massive failure
i’ve been lost since the military and i don’t know what i’m doing with my life.
i was in a car crash and i cant work at my regular job anymore.
hs dropout asking around
college dropout needs career guidance
does unemployment also contact current part time job during weekly certifications?
guys please help me i lost my job due to this pandemic and i need to pay my last semesters fee please help
i'm tired of working in human resources! please help me find another career before i crash!
unemployed masters graduate for 5 months, sent over 200+ job applications with tailored cover letters and cvs, feeling utterly lost.
im rarely scheduled anymore and i need to pay tuition. can i use pto or partial unemployment to make up for being gone so long
i'm just lost
hope this will help those who got laid off recently
lost. 28 years old. bachelors of sociology. no idea what to do next.
i am lost
reporting no earnings from current odd job due to not being needed, and filing separate claim in unemployment??
[wa] just got a job offer and just found out the hours won't work for me. what do i do in terms of my pandemic unemployment assistance?
my parents' attitude makes me feel like a total failure
feeling extremely lost (22m)
finally got a job after 9 months of unemployment
do you find that interviewers are understanding about the fact that you were laid off because of the pandemic?
brassring won't let me upload my resume, i've tried pdf, word, and dropbox.
feeling lost about what to do next
should i put a complete failure of a job on my cv/resume? or can i just leave it off?
feeling lost/ depress about my job life
asked to drop everything for interview
lost my first job.
getting taken advantage of because you got laid off and are desperately trying to find a job?
lost my job in august (nyc)
i lost passion for the field i'm working in and i have no clue what to do
